hey YouTube it's Adam from Amma music
mogul in today's tutorial I'm going to
show you how to get cool delays on your
vocal tracks like you hear from Travis
Scott the weekend jeremi Kanye West two
trains future many artists like that a
lot of rap trap artists puts this sort
of effect on their vocals delay effect
and it really gives a nice sort of vibe
to your vocals and it kind of gets you
kind of bouncing with your vocals as
well so after it's all said and done
we're get a cool delay on her Vocal
Track that sounds something like this I
don't
think I what
drinking come on
me so I do apologize for my vocals right
there again I'm not the greatest singer
but for the tutorial sake you're going
to get the point so the first thing I'm
going to do is mute out this delay cuz
we don't need it as we're going to redo
it I'm just going to join up this region
here so I mimic something you would have
after you record your vocals so the
first thing that you want to do is go in
and pick out what phrases you want to be
delayed in this case I already know what
I want so I'm just going to go ahead and
chop that
up and then we're going to go ahead and
duplicate this main vocal track so we
keep all of our processors intact and
we're going to copy down these chopped
region
phrases
don't and that just doubles up the
vocals so the first thing that you're
want to do on this double track is go to
your output and set it to no
output and then through a send is how
we're going to get our delay so we're
going to bust it out to an available
bus and let's just send it out at Unity
gain and on this bus delay track we are
going to bring in logic's Exciter which
is essentially a distortion plugin and
it adds harmonics at a certain frequency
Point uh let's also add in our Echo
which is going to be our DeLay So delay
Echo very easy delay
plugin and we're going to set this to
quarter note value feedback could be
around 60% and make sure your wet is
100% because we just want the wet signal
on this bus track auxiliary track and
here's what we got so far I don't
think all
I so if you want more distortion on your
vocals just pull up your harmonics do
both
20% I don't care what
thinking all I what drinking
dring so you can pull up the harmonics
too as much as you need but I think
around 50% is good let's just pull that
down
[Music]
here it just adds a little bit of grit
and uh nothing too crazy maybe we'll
push it up a little bit here to
70% we could also choose what frequency
point we want the harmonics to start at
but I think 2,000 is good I don't
think I
Dr 1,000 is not bad as well so I'm just
going to go ahead and just fix up our
delay phrases here because it's not
picking up exactly what I
want I don't care what you thinking
thinking all I care is what you drinking
drinking come on tell me what you want
what you want
now so this was too much pull that back
here and I did hear some Pops in there
so I'm going to make sure that my Fay
tool is on and I'm going to go ahead and
put in nice Fades at the beginning of
each region so we don't experience
experience pops and clicks I don't care
what you're thinking thinking all I care
is what you're drinking
[Music]
all right that sounds good let's just go
ahead and lower the volume I don't care
what you're thinking thinking all I care
is what you drinking drinking come on
tell me what you want
now sometimes Engineers what they would
do is push this over to the right just a
little bit just to create some width to
the vocals I don't care what you're
thinking all I care is what
drinking come on tell me what you want
now so the weekend actually uses this
effect on a lot of his tracks uh what
you could also do as uh Engineers or
mixing Engineers you could kind of
create a cool sort of ping pong delay to
the delay so what I mean by that is when
this vocal first phrase hits it's going
to be in your left Channel when the
second one hits it's going to be in your
right channel when the third one hits
it's going to go to your left and sort
of go back from that so we can go and
automate that right now let's just turn
on whoa let's just turn on our
Automation and automate that over there
here we go I don't care what you
thinking all I is what you
drinking come on tell me what you want
now
now I don't care what you thinking
thinking all I care is what you drinking
drinking come on tell me what you want
now you want now now
kind of gives a cool effect to that uh
delay right there so that's how you get
those cool delays on your vocal tracks
like those artists that I've mentioned
and more so use this effect on your
vocals and your future Productions if
you do have any questions on this you
can ask me in the comment section below
and for more videos like this right
remember to hit that subscribe button
and I'll see you all in the next one
talk to you all soon peace
[Music]